# Reinforcment-Learning
# AI mini taxi video game
#This exercise is very short but will teach you some basic fundamentals of Reinfrorment Learning. This is very spelt out in the commands using Python, but if you are new to Deep-Qlearning or other relevalant models of reinforcement learning algorithms this is a good start. Because it teaches you the concepts of Agents and how to train them to win the game you make with timesteps at the end. Also how to see how your Agent well is progressing in learning in this model by seeing the penalties and timesteps printed per episode. You will realize the necessary penalites, rewards, and episodes needed to acheieve train the agent. Although I recommend using Google Colab when running cells especially on GPU not CPU if you can for faster speed. If you are using Jupyter Notebook be sure to install the necessary requirement on the command line in your terminal and in your virtual enviroment such as pipenv. If your using Windows the command is pip install gym or pip3 install gym. You may need to use conda to install gym in your virtual enviroment such as well. Of course I recommend TPU if you have Google Colab Pro for excellent speed when executing cells. Basically you are making a taxi game then training your "program" or agent to play the game of dropping off people with multiple decisions in directions possible. As you type in the code you will see what your setting the agent up for even before the results are printed when your evaluating the model results. But at the same time be surpised how well your agent did at the end.
